Meta-information encapsulates all relevant knowledge obtained through time-travel
	If the internal player is being controlled by the external player, then any relevant information the external player knows can be deduced from events in the past and meta-information.
	
Meta-information can be shared via
	Antitelephone arrival from you (vertical)
	Antitelephone departure from the opponent in timeline to the left (horizontal)
	Using the Oracle (horizontal)
	Encounter (vertical for the first one, horizontal for the rest)
	Missing an encounter in timeline to the left (horizontal)
	
	Vertical means meta-information from the future is sent to the past
	Horizontal means meta-information is sent between points at the same time
		Are also affected by vertical transfers that go through them

Meta-information available:
	Earliest deduction that the opponent used the bridge / oracle / shield
	Information from an encounter for encounter-related events
	The events of the previous timeline for antitelephone arrival event
		As well as the locations of the opponent between departure and arrival in timeline to the left
	
Information obtained in an encounter:
	Location of the opponent
	Amount of damage the opponent dealt
	Amount of health opponent has
	
If an opponent loses an ability, it can't be known for sure.

Players have 2 energy given to them per turn
	Can use it to charge an ability, train an ability or heal
	
Using the antitelephone puts it into lockdown
	Use energy to whittle down the lockdown amount. At best, can finish in half of the travel distance.
	
All abilities grant 4 attack and 25 max health once unlocked
A familiar encounter adds 50% attack to the one who has seen the encounter before
Players start with 10 health out of 20 max health

All items have 4 cooldown. When the cooldown is zero, any extra energy will activate the item. Cooldown rises by 1 per turn.
	Oracle: make player conscious. Activation is instantaneous. Upon activation, cooldown is reset.
	Bridge: allow antitelephone to pass through arrivals. Upon activation, cooldown rises by 2 each turn until full, then it deactivates.
	Shield: player is granted extra HP = 4 - cooldown. Antitelephone departures from the player will set an additional store of energy:
		100% of the current energy balance
		50% of the stored energy balance
	
Early game: healing beats aggressive, aggressive beats training, training beats healing

Network game by making a server process deal with the backend. Messages passed to the server can also be used to save a replay file.
